Hello to you all and welcome to CS 215
My name is Michael Whitman and I will be your teacher
Let's start with a magic trick
Well, a group of representatives from films
Here Bruce Willis. Danny DeVito, Cloris for Wichman, Stanley Toshi
Tom Hanks, Haley Joel Osment and Robin Williams
I will connect the actors who have appeared together in films
These lines represent films
Bruce Willis and Tom Hanks were together in a film called
"The Bonn Fire Of Vanicas", which seemed it would be a very good film, but it was not the case
Bruce Willis and Cloris to Wichman, for example, in a film together
Called "AT & Bevs bit Head de America" ​​it was not a film Gladiator
Tom Hanks and Stanley Tucci, for example, together in the movie "The Terminal"
Haley Joel Osment and Bruce Willis, for example, in the film "The Sakst Sense" where it was so stellar film
I will not tell you eventually, but Haley Joel Osment
It was also in the film "The Forest Gump" with Tom Hanks
Robin Williams and Stanley Tucci, for example, together in the movie "Harry Zrking"
Cloris for Wichman and Stanley Tucci together, for example, in the movie "Gambet"
Danny DeVito and Robin Williams, for example, together in the film "Death to Smokey"
Then I'm going to connect with Bruce Willis, Danny DeVito
For example, who together in the film "Mother Steele Hare"
Finally, arriving between Bruce Willis and Stanley Tucci
For example, the two together in the movie "Billy Batgat"
Well, now we have planned, I'll start with one of the representatives
Let Bruce Willis and I will